#468 replace originKey with clientKey (#469)
commercetools/commercetools-adyen-integration: extension/docs/WebComponentsIntegrationGuide.md

- [Step 1](#step-1-commercetools-checkout-validations) : Execute required checkout validations.
- [Step 2](#step-2-get-available-payment-methods): Set `getPaymentMethodsRequest` custom field to commercetools payment to get the list of payment methods available for the checkout.

> - [Step 3](#step-3-add-components-to-your-payments-form): generate Adyen Web Component to your checkout payments form.

Reviewer: I wonder about the diagram above, should we update it too ?

> - [Step 3](#step-3-add-components-to-your-payments-form): generate Adyen Web Component to your checkout payments form.

Author: https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-adyen-integration/pull/469/commits/9bda2773732c5f90d50d3f0792bddc363e744cd5

https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-adyen-integration/pull/469/commits/145e4ff8a21e93047c610c8699fdb056c6b4449e

- [Step 3](#step-3-add-components-to-your-payments-form): generate Adyen Web Component to your checkout payments form.
- [Step 4](#step-4-make-a-payment): Submit a payment request by setting `makePaymentRequest` payment custom field with the payment data returned by the Adyen web component.
- [Step 5](#step-5-submit-additional-payment-details): Set `submitAdditionalPaymentDetailsRequest ` custom field to commercetools payment to submit additional payment details. 
- [Step 6](#step-6-capture-payment-required-for-klarna): Add an optional `Charge` transaction to commercetools payment in order to manually capture the payment.

> > **Note** for Step 2 and Step 3: For a better performance `getOriginKeysRequest` can be supplied together with `getPaymentMethodsRequest` and the responses could be cached by the merchant server.

Reviewer: We could suggest caching getPaymentMethodsRequest right?

Author: https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-adyen-integration/pull/469/commits/b07e47c0464647fec7ce2db62c6f646f5fb1280c

If you haven't created the payment forms already in your frontend, follow the official Adyen [Web Components integration guide](https://docs.adyen.com/checkout/components-web#step-2-add-components).

> A `client key` is a client-side key that is used to validate Adyen's JavaScript component library. It is required to render a Component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To be able to render a web component,  a valid `clientKey` is needed, which is a key linked to your API credential, used for client-side authentication. 
```

Author: https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-adyen-integration/pull/469/commits/c29308772256fcea3d807e70516c6c50e51897e5

> In order to get a `client key`, follow the official [Adyen documentation](https://docs.adyen.com/development-resources/client-side-authentication#get-your-client-key).

Reviewer: To find out how to generate a `clientKey`, follow the official [Adyen documentation](https://docs.adyen.com/development-resources/client-side-authentication)

Author: I didn't change this, I don't see much difference here.

If you haven't created the payment forms already in your frontend, follow the official Adyen [Web Components integration guide](https://docs.adyen.com/checkout/components-web#step-2-add-components).

> To be able to render an Adyen web component, a valid `clientKey` is needed. In order to get a `clientKey`, follow the official [Adyen documentation](https://docs.adyen.com/development-resources/client-side-authentication#get-your-client-key).

Author: Remove
